update (#255)
insightsengineering/rlistings: NEWS.md

 * Added parameter `sort_cols` to `as_listing` to specify columns to sort the listing on. Previously listings were 
   always sorted on key columns.
 * Addition of separators between values in `as_listings(add_trailing_sep = <col_names>)` with determined values `as_listings(trailing_sep = <single_character>)`.

>  * Added vignette for tips when export large listing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Added a vignette with tips for exporting large listings.
```
